and you gotta be kidding me you know I'm
a huge fan of the WWE I respect the WWE
I have been a longtime viewer I've
watched the WWE in its worst times I
have watched the w/e when it wasn't so
popular to watch the WWE I never took a
break I never went away I have stayed
consistent I have stayed dedicated to
WWE because it's what I love it's what
I'm passionate about what I believe in
and I think one day we are going to see
change I think we're going to see more
consistency but after the terrific
entertaining brilliant hard-hitting
physical match five star classic that
John Cena had with Cesaro last night on
Raw in front of a live capacity crowd
with millions around watching John Cena
defeated Cesaro but it wasn't without a
struggle it wasn't without putting that
down putting a question in your head
whether or not John Cena could win was
with Cena tap out what Cena give up with
Cena be pinned would seem to be finished
Cesaro absolutely took John Cena to the
limit and then once Cena defeated Cesaro
what happened after the match Cena gave
props to Cesaro John Cena talked highly
about Cesaro how he's a feeling him and
how he wants the ww to elevate him to
the main event status and how he
deserves to be a world champion and how
we should be consistently featured well
you think the ww would listen to this
you think that John Cena given his
motivational speech for Cesaro you think
that would have helped things you think
that that would have boosted up the
WWE's thinking process instead of you
know backward-ass booking or you know
seeing things not so clear or are seeing
things clearly because I don't know if
the WWE is even seeing things clearly
anymore you think that that would
position Cesaro in a hell of a lot of a
better position I mean he was in the
main event of raw last night Cesaro main
evented Monday Night Raw last night and
you want to know where Cesaro with less
than 24 hours later no babies on
Smackdown maybe he's in the main event
of SmackDown maybe he's even even the
first match on Smackdown right
maybe he's going against the
Intercontinental Champion maybe he's
going to get Seth Rollins hell maybe
he's going to get to Kevin Owens well
when John Cena said that I want to see
Cesaro in the main event I think what
Vincent me and thought was all right
we'll put you on the main event will put
you on main event the TV show once again
I'm a fan of the WWE I support the WWE
I'll never stop watching the WWE but
that doesn't mean that I have to come on
here and like everything that they throw
at us that doesn't mean that I can't
come on here you know criticize what
they do and how the backward ass booking
and there's no logic there's no sense
and right now I I am just beside myself
this makes me sick that in once again
there's been many times where I thought
should I keep watching uh listen as big
of a fan as I am of John Cena after John
Cena gave all that praise and he gave
all those props to Cesaro I want to see
in the main event I want to see it
become a world champion you know the
fans are behind you you put on great
matches people will remember you and now
less than 24 hours later he's positioned
on main event this did this is the kind
of stuff that makes you shake your head
this is the kind of stuff that rattles
your brains this is the kind of stuff
that takes your IQ from whatever level
it used to be in downgrades it by
eighty-five percent and you know there's
been a lot of horrible choices there's
been a lot of bad booking there's been a
lot of harsh decision there's been a lot
of hard pills to swallow that the tough
pill to swallow and this is hard to
actually even comprehend that Cesaro was
just in an impressive compelling
intriguing main event versus John Cena
and now this is what Cesaro is being
regulated to not only is he not on
Smackdown not only is he not the
featured superstar he's featured on main
event the TV show well Cesaro wasn't
buried on Raw but he sure as hell was
buried being on main event now yeah
Cesaro got the victory congratulations
I'm sure that's going to boost up his
credibility in
gintama see if John Cena given all the
props to Cesaro didn't help if what John
Cena did by trying to boost up the
integrity of Cesaro and see where the
WWE should be placing him instead of
where they are placing him if they're
not waking up if the WWE powers that be
don't want to give Cesaro and pull the
trigger on Cesaro you guys look at the
tag on the shirts brand new mega the tag
right here's the tag live nation but
Nirvana Nirvana rocks Nirvana one of the
greatest of all time you should still be
around today but let's not get off topic
Cesaro should be in the main event today
subscribe